DESCRIPTION:
This repo is all of the course material developed for 'Programming Visual and Generative Art', as taught through the Collaborative Electronic Mixed Media Institute (CEMMI) at Artisan's Asylum in March 2012.

LICENSE:
Author: Nathan Lachenmyer
E-mail: asymptoticdesign at mit dot edu
Website: http://asymptoticdesign.wordpress.com/

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons 3.0 License.
(Attribution - NonCommerical - ShareAlike)
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/

In summary, you are free to copy, distribute, edit, and remix the work.
Under the conditions that you attribute the work to me, it is for noncommercial purposes, and if you build upon this work or otherwise alter it, you may only distribute the resulting work under this license.

Of course, the conditions may be waived with permission from the author.

COURSE DESCRIPTION:
This class will be an overview of Processing, an open source programming language meant for creating interactive visual art.  Processing combines programming and creative expression, making it appealing to both the creatively and technically inclined.  This course will start from the basics of processing (static 2d drawing)  and slowly add features until we have interactive, animated pieces of art!  The rough outline of the course is:
 
Class 1: Control Flow and 2D Drawing in Processing
Class 2: Generative Art; Animating your Work
Class 3: Object-Oriented Programming
Class 4: User and Sound Interaction
 
Each session will focus around one or two short, guided projects to provide examples. 

CLASS GOALS:
-learn basic syntax of Processing/Java 
-expose students to the capabilities of Processing
-give students confidence to approach their own Processing projects

PREREQUISITES:
None, though experience with basic programming (exposure to control flow like 'if', 'while', and 'for' loops) will ensure that you get the most out of the course.  Please have processing already installed on your personal computer (http://www.processing.org/download/) if you're not planning on using a computer from our computer lab.